procedures: accessing private Git repos (#2242)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/user-guide/pages/starting-a-new-workspace-with-a-clone-of-a-git-repository.adoc

TIP: Advanced users can compose and use their own devfiles, as well as use a local devfile.
//provide links on "compose", "devfiles", and "local devfile" to the corresponding sections in Advanced Use (User Guide). max-cx

IMPORTANT: Although the devfile enables full functionality of a workspace, you can also start a new workspace by supplying the URL of a Git repository without a devfile. This results in a new workspace with a clone of the Git repository and with the defaults such as the Che-Theia IDE and the Universal Developer Image.
//provide xrefs to a concept module about the Universal Developer Image and, if applicable, devfile-less defaults for new workspaces. max-cx

NOTE: The *Create Workspace* page of your {prod-short} xref:url-of-your-che-dashboard.adoc[dashboard] has the *Git Repo URL ** field as the GUI alternative for entering the URL of a Git repository to start a new workspace.

.Prerequisites

* Your organization has a running instance of {prod-short}.
* You have been given the xref:url-of-your-organizations-che-instance.adoc[].

> * Your Git repository maintainer keeps the `devfile.yaml` or `.devfile.yaml` file in the root directory of the Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your Git repository administrator saves the `devfile.yaml` or `.devfile.yaml` file in the root directory of the Git repository.
```

* Optional: Private repositories that are hosted on GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket require (1) an xref:[authorized application link] to be created on the repository-hosting website by the repository maintaner (which is you for your fork) and (2) a {platforms-name} xref:[secret to be applied] by the administrator of the {prod-short} instance that belongs to your organization.

.Procedure

> . Optional: visit the xref:url-of-your-che-dashboard.adoc[] to log in as a {prod-short} user to your organization's instance of {prod-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Visit the xref:url-of-your-che-dashboard.adoc[] to log in as a {prod-short} user to your organization's instance of {prod-short}.
```
